GNU Terry Pratchett
===================

This is a simple package that adds a `X-Clacks-Overhead` header to all
your HTTP responses

How?
----

Simply do a

    $ meteor add yauh:gnuterrypratchett

inside a Meteor project. This will add a header to all HTTP requests
with a key `X-Clacks-Overhead` and a value of `GNU Terry Pratchett`.

Why?
----

Read more at Reddit: [/r/discworld redditors with web servers start
putting "GNU Terry Pratchett" overhead into their HTML headers out of
respect, something discworld characters do for dead 'clacks'
operators.](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2yyop7/rdiscworld_redditors_with_web_servers_start/)

R.I.P. [Terry Pratchett](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Pratchett)

Reference
---------

From [Going Postal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Going_Postal):

A lot of what travelled on the Grand Trunk was called the Overhead. It
was instructions to towers, reports, messages about messages, even
chatter between operators, although this was strictly forbidden these
days. It was all in code. It was very rare you got Plain in the
Overhead. But now... 'There it goes again,' she said. 'It must be wrong.
It's got no origin code and no address. It's Overhead, but it's in
Plain.' On the other side of the tower, sitting in a seat facing the
opposite direction because he was operating the up-line, was Roger, who
was seventeen and already working for his tower-master certificate. His
hand didn't stop moving as he said: 'What did it say?'

'There was GNU, and I know that's a code, and then just a name. It was
John Dearheart. Was it a—'

'You sent it on?' said Grandad. Grandad had been hunched in the corner,
repairing a shutter box in this cramped shed halfway up the tower.
Grandad was the tower-master and had been everywhere and knew
everything. Everyone called him Grandad. He was twenty-six. He was
always doing something in the tower when she was working the line, even
though there was always a boy in the other chair. She didn't work out
why until later. 'Yes, because it was a G code,' said Princess. 'Then
you did right. Don't worry about it.'

'Yes, but I've sent that name before. Several times. Upline and
downline. Just a name, no message or anything!' She had a sense that
something was wrong, but she went on: 'I know a U at the end means it
has to be turned round at the end of the line, and an N means Not
Logged.' This was showing off, but she'd spent hours reading the cypher
book. 'So it's just a name, going up and down all the time! Where's the
sense in that?' Something was really wrong. Roger was still working his
line, but he was staring ahead with a thunderous expression. Then
Grandad said: 'Very clever, Princess. You're dead right.'

'Hah!' said Roger. 'I'm sorry if I did something wrong,' said the girl
meekly. 'I just thought it was strange. Who's John Dearheart?' 'He . . .
fell off a tower,' said Grandad. 'Hah!' said Roger, working his shutters
as if he suddenly hated them. 'He's dead?' said Princess. 'Well, some
people say—' Roger began. 'Roger!' snapped Grandad. It sounded like a
warning. 'I know about Sending Home,' said Princess. 'And I know the
souls of dead linesmen stay on the Trunk.'

'Who told you that?' said Grandad. Princess was bright enough to know
that someone would get into trouble if she was too specific. 'Oh, I just
heard it,' she said airily. 'Somewhere.'

'Someone was trying to scare you,' said Grandad, looking at Roger's
reddening ears. It hadn't sounded scary to Princess. If you had to be
dead, it seemed a lot better to spend your time flying between the
towers than lying underground. But she was bright enough, too, to know
when to drop a subject. It was Grandad who spoke next, after a long
pause broken only by the squeaking of the new shutter bars. When he did
speak, it was as if something was on his mind. 'We keep that name moving
in the Overhead,' he said, and it seemed to Princess that the wind in
the shutter arrays above her blew more forlornly, and the everlasting
clicking of the shutters grew more urgent. 'He'd never have wanted to go
home. He was a real linesman. His name is in the code, in the wind in
the rigging and the shutters. Haven't you ever heard the saying [**"A
man's not dead while his name is still
spoken"**](http://www.reddit.com/r/discworld/comments/2ysv26/sir_terry_has_gone_for_the_long_walk_across_the/cpcmru1)?'
